chore: add readme legacy banner (#970)
camptocamp/devops-stack: README.adoc

> 
> 
> ```
> 
> /!\ Attention this project is no longer maintained /!\
> 
>   ___                         ___  
>  (o o)                       (o o) 
> (  V  ) No longer mantained (  V  )
> --m-m-------------------------m-m--
> 
> 
> Stay tuned for the official release of devop stack v1 at: https://dev.to/camptocamp-ops
> If you want to take a look on how the modular aspects of the devops stack v1, see: https://devops-stack.io/docs-v1/latest/index.html
> 
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: **ATTENTION: this project is no longer mantained!** :warning:

We are deprecating this project in favor of a more modular approach. Stay tuned for the official release of the DevOps Stack v1 at [https://dev.to/camptocamp-ops](ttps://dev.to/camptocamp-ops).

If you want to get to know the new modules, you can check out our v1 documentation [here](https://devops-stack.io/docs-v1/latest/index.html). Note that it is a work in progress :construction: (the first section of the documentation is entirely legacy and some of the modules do not have proper documentation yet).

In the future, this repository will probably only host some examples and the main documentation pages.

```
